DIRECTION CONCEPT SEED (key: b7bfcaa1; mode: persuade; source: api; approved pool: c3b204a1eed6; 306/564 human-approved; rerun with --scope direction --mode persuade --from b7bfcaa1 --candidate-count 7 to reproduce this roll against this catalog revision)
ASSIGNED INDEX: 7
  After ordering the grounded directions by resonance, build candidate
  7 of your own grounded list; the assignment never points at a
  challenger. The assignment is the roll, not a suggestion: your top-ranked
  direction is what every run would ship, so the script decides which grounded
  direction gets built. Each direction joins a durable visual system to a
  concrete expression for the requested first surface, decided as one. It must
  survive the current task plus navigation, quiet and dense content,
  interaction and state, and a substantially different future surface. In an
  attended run, present the assigned direction fully committed and offer
  re-roll. You may add ONE card for your top-ranked grounded candidate when
  it is not the assigned direction, kicker IMPECCABLE’S PICK, with an honest risk line
  naming its familiarity; one pick card, never a ranked lineup, and the pick
  never takes the lead position. When the assignment IS your top candidate,
  there is no pick card. Re-roll yourself only
  on named factual grounds, when the assignment cannot carry the product's
  truth or task; taste is never grounds.
  The assignment exists to refuse the model's ranking rut, never to outrank
  the user or the brief. Never expose assignment metadata in user-facing labels.
CHALLENGERS:
  1. a printing darkroom under amber safelight, where enlarger beams, timed baths, and drying lines stage photographs into slow deliberate existence
     SOURCE ID: signals-instruments-darkroom-safelight-bay
     CREATIVE SPARK: In the developer tray, gray ghosts gather into a face; the timer ticks, and pulling the print too early is a real loss.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: amber safelight washing every surface as the ground, wet-print silver grays deepening to black as the image ink, enamel tray white at the edges
       - Type/composition: grease-pencil notes and printed timer digits under amber, labels sparse on bottles and trays; test strips band the field into stepped exposures
       - Topology/navigation: work moves through fixed stations in order: compose, expose, develop, fix, wash, dry.
       - Controls/state: progress is chemical and irreversible past marked points; test strips preview before committing.
       - Responsive/motion: stations linearize on phones; the develop reveal is one continuous emergence, shown statically under
     WEB LEVERAGE: Canvas-simulated development curves let previews emerge in real time before an action commits.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-darkroom-safelight-bay.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-darkroom-safelight-bay-hero.webp
  2. An access-control surface built as a cathode numeral stack: every possible value present at once as a dark ghost behind a fine bronze anode gauze, one struck forward in glowing orange, with no box, rule or divider anywhere on a plane that runs past every edge.
     SOURCE ID: operate-b-struck-cathode-gauze
     CREATIVE SPARK: A decade counter at 2am: the numeral 4 blazing orange while nine unlit sisters hang behind it in the same glass, faint wire outlines crossed by the mesh of the anode gauze, the tube stack throwing warm light onto blue-black bench felt.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: two hues, ink-blue black and cathode orange, on fine bronze wire gauze; roles: ground, gauze, ghost, glow. Imported photos stay untinted under a gauze veil.
       - Type/composition: one condensed numeral-derived display face against bone-white body prose; labels may align, but the ghost layer behind them overlaps freely at differing depths.
       - Topology/navigation: the gauze plane runs past every edge unframed; no rules, boxes or dividers, grouping is gauze density and depth; prose columns clear the mesh entirely.
       - Controls/state: all options sit present as unlit ghosts behind the gauze; the chosen one is struck forward, crisp and haloed; stale keeps a decayed afterglow; refused stays dark.
       - Responsive/motion: values snap, never tween; the old glow decays over one beat as the new strikes. Width adds ghost depth to the stack, never new columns or framing.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Render every alternative in the DOM at once: unlit states as low-opacity ghost text staggered in depth behind a repeating SVG mesh, the active one promoted by a hard opacity and blur step with no transition.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/operate-b-struck-cathode-gauze.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/operate-b-struck-cathode-gauze-hero.webp
  3. an industrial streetwear grammar, ordinary words set in straight quotation marks, zip-tie tags left on, diagonal hazard stripes crossing white cotton and black nylon
     SOURCE ID: textiles-weave-drape-fashion-industrial-quote-grammar
     CREATIVE SPARK: You lift a jacket and the zip-tie tag clacks against the hanger; across the back, giant caps in straight quotes name the obvious, and a hazard stripe runs diagonally under the fluorescent light of the stockroom.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: stockroom white cotton and black nylon as ground and ink, black-on-white hazard diagonals for structure, safety orange zip-tie tags as the accent
       - Type/composition: bold industrial caps inside straight quotation marks naming the obvious, label plates set square on the grid like stenciled crates
       - Topology/navigation: every zone is labeled with its literal quoted name, wayfinding is reading, and the hazard stripe runs diagonally under whatever matters
       - Controls/state: the active item keeps its orange zip tie on, toggles read "ON" and "OFF" in quotes, disabled things take the diagonal stripe across them
       - Responsive/motion: stripes hold 45 degrees at every width while label plates stack; motion is a tag swinging once on selection
     WEB LEVERAGE: css repeating-linear-gradient hazard stripes at 45deg, generated content wrapping every label in straight quotes via ::before and ::after
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/textiles-weave-drape-fashion-industrial-quote-grammar.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/textiles-weave-drape-fashion-industrial-quote-grammar-hero.webp
  4. a symmetrical paper roundel cut from folded sheets and then built up in layers of flat colour, each layer cut separately and pasted over the last so the figure gains depth without any shading
     SOURCE ID: craft-making-lowicz-layered-papercut
     CREATIVE SPARK: There is no shading anywhere, and yet the cockerel has depth, because it is nine separate pieces of coloured paper cut one at a time and pasted on top of each other.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: glossy flat papers in unmixed colour pasted in layers, with depth made only by overlap and never by tone
       - Type/composition: a symmetrical roundel cut from a fold, with cockerels and flowers built up in separately cut colour layers
       - Topology/navigation: the composition builds outward in layers, so navigation adds a layer rather than moving to a new view
       - Controls/state: controls are layers, the active one pastes over the ones beneath, and removing one exposes the layer below intact
       - Responsive/motion: the roundel scales while the fold symmetry holds exactly, and motion is a layer settling onto the stack
     WEB LEVERAGE: layered svg cut shapes with exact fold symmetry, per-layer paste and removal state, and a settle animation
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/craft-making-lowicz-layered-papercut.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/craft-making-lowicz-layered-papercut-hero.webp
  5. a public theater street poster, wood-type capitals shouting at architectural scale, baselines cut on diagonals, type cropped by the edge like crowd noise made visible
     SOURCE ID: brand-identity-canon-scher-street-typography
     CREATIVE SPARK: you cross the street and the wall yells at you, stacked wood-type capitals leaning on diagonals, a word sliced by the poster edge so your eye finishes the shout for it
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: taxi yellow and paper white grounds, dense black wood-type ink, one red-orange band held for the active call to action
       - Type/composition: condensed wood-type caps at architectural scale, baselines rotated on diagonals, words butted and cropped by the frame, no lowercase
       - Topology/navigation: the loudest word is the door, sections stack like postered walls and you move by following the shout that names where you are
       - Controls/state: hover tilts a word onto its diagonal, the selected item flips to reversed type, white out of black, disabled words are half torn away
       - Responsive/motion: on small screens the diagonals relax to steep stacks and the crop gets harder; entrances slam in one beat
     WEB LEVERAGE: variable fonts stretch wood-type weight to viewport; css clip-path crops letters at the frame
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/brand-identity-canon-scher-street-typography.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/brand-identity-canon-scher-street-typography-hero.webp
  6. a labanotation dance score, a vertical center staff read upward where symbol shape is direction, shading is level, and length is exact duration
     SOURCE ID: notation-diagram-systems-labanotation
     CREATIVE SPARK: In a mirrored studio a notator watches the leap twice, then draws a shaded rectangle whose exact height is the half-second the dancer hung in the air.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: white score paper and black symbol blocks, level encoded as solid, hatched, or dotted fill, the beat in progress banded pale gray across the staff
       - Type/composition: type stays marginal, small count numerals beside the staff; the vertical center staff rules the page and bilateral symmetry is the layout law
       - Topology/navigation: columns flank a center line, left column for left limb and right for right, time flows bottom to top so the future is always above
       - Controls/state: each action is a shaped block whose length is its duration, shading sets level, simultaneous acts sit side by side across the columns
       - Responsive/motion: columns thin but never merge, symmetry across the centerline is the invariant; motion rises like a slow elevator
     WEB LEVERAGE: CSS grid columns mirror the body's bilateral layout, and scroll timelines run time upward through the score.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/notation-diagram-systems-labanotation.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/notation-diagram-systems-labanotation-hero.webp
Fuse each challenger before judging it: the challenger supplies the form
  and its system grammar, the product supplies every fact, and clarity wins
  conflicts. Weigh the fused result against the assigned direction on exactly
  two axes, audience identification and product clarity. Losing to strong
  grounded material is a valid outcome; beating a thin or tool-monoculture
  list is the point. A fused challenger that wins both axes becomes the build.
  Close the weighing with a verdict per challenger, decided before any
  borrowing is considered: wins (beats the assigned direction on both axes),
  competitive (holds one axis), or declined (loses both). A declined
  challenger is not spent: name the one discipline of its system the assigned
  direction lacks, and raise the assigned direction to match before
  presenting it. A donation transfers ambition and system discipline, never
  the challenger's clothes; one world owns the page. Write each raise as its
  own named line on the presented direction, and carry every verdict, kept
  line, and raise into the decision page payload.
When you can view images, open the QUALITY BAR board and hero for any
challenger you weigh seriously and for the world you build. They exist as a
craft bar, the finish level and commitment the build is expected to reach,
never as a mockup to copy; your surface serves this product, not that render.
PRODUCT.md and explicit incumbent brand commitments constrain every direction.
The seed never chooses exact colors, fonts, tokens, or a user preference, and
it never permits the world and first surface to be selected independently.
The CREATIVE SPARK is a complete visual system, not a theme or decorative
reference. Translate every supplied system rule into the product: palette and
material, type and composition, topology, controls and states, and adaptation.
Keep the source's visible character, scale, rhythm, and interaction instead of
reducing vivid grammar to generic nouns. When the source is already a credible
interface language, commit to it across navigation, content, controls, and
states. Otherwise keep a literal carrier only when it becomes functional.
Ambitious motion, spatial media, or interaction is welcome when it strengthens
the product without weakening semantics, performance, or fallback behavior.
TELEMETRY: after the user's choice resolves, rerun this script once with
  --kind <assigned|pick|challenger|canon> --from b7bfcaa1 --scope direction --mode persuade,
  adding --chosen <challenger-id> when a dealt challenger won and keeping
  --register <safer|bolder> when the resolved round came from a steered hand.
  One ping per resolved attended round. The ping is anonymous, the card kind
  plus the catalog id when one won; your grounded candidates' names never
  leave the machine, and the ping is skipped automatically when DO_NOT_TRACK
  or IMPECCABLE_NO_TELEMETRY is set.
A user- or brief-pinned decision beats the roll, always.
ASSIGNED INDEX (restated for truncated readers): 7. Build candidate
7 of your own grounded list; seed key b7bfcaa1.
